drive: add an  indication in case of recursive shortcuts in documentation (#7633)
rclone/rclone: docs/content/drive.md

Shortcuts can be completely ignored with the `--drive-skip-shortcuts` flag
or the corresponding `skip_shortcuts` configuration setting.

> If you have shortcuts that leads to an infinite recursion in your drive (eg a shorcut pointing to a parent folder), `skip_shortcuts` might be mandatory to be able to clone the drive.

Reviewer: Some small suggestions, spelling and consistency with other docs:

`leads` -> `lead`

`eg a shorcut` -> `e.g. a shortcut` 

`clone` -> `copy`

Author: ```suggestion
If you have shortcuts that lead to an infinite recursion in your drive (e.g. a shortcut pointing to a parent folder), `skip_shortcuts` might be mandatory to be able to copy the drive.
```
